Give credit to original `WeakKeyIdDict` authors (#14)
beacon-biosignals/WeakKeyIdDicts.jl: README.md

```

Avoid assuming a key exists in a `WeakKeyIdDict`, especially when allocation occurs. Keys can be removed any time garbage collection occurs. Favor the methods `get!` and `get` over `getindex`.

## Credits

> Much of the credit for the implementation of WeakKeyIdDict goes to Maura Werder (@mauro3) for the initial [work in the julia repository](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/28182), and [DataStructures](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/DataStructures.jl/pull/402). Max Horn (@fingolfin) then updated and debugged a version merged to [AlbstractAlgebra](https://github.com/Nemocas/AbstractAlgebra.jl/pull/1419).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Much of the credit for the implementation of WeakKeyIdDict goes to Maura Werder (@mauro3) for the initial [work in the julia repository](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/28182), and [DataStructures](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/DataStructures.jl/pull/402). Max Horn (@fingolfin) then updated and debugged a version merged to [AbstractAlgebra](https://github.com/Nemocas/AbstractAlgebra.jl/pull/1419).
```

> Much of the credit for the implementation of WeakKeyIdDict goes to Maura Werder (@mauro3) for the initial [work in the julia repository](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/28182), and [DataStructures](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/DataStructures.jl/pull/402). Max Horn (@fingolfin) then updated and debugged a version merged to [AlbstractAlgebra](https://github.com/Nemocas/AbstractAlgebra.jl/pull/1419).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Much of the credit for the implementation of WeakKeyIdDict goes to Mauro Werder (@mauro3) for the initial [work in the julia repository](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/28182), and [DataStructures](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/DataStructures.jl/pull/402). Max Horn (@fingolfin) then updated and debugged a version merged to [AlbstractAlgebra](https://github.com/Nemocas/AbstractAlgebra.jl/pull/1419).
```
At least that's the way the name is written on their webpage https://maurow.bitbucket.io/

> The version here adds a few additional tests for edge-cases, fixing related bugs along the way, that arose from work in base [julia](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version here adds a few additional tests for edge-cases, fixing related bugs along the way, using code from some of the `IdDict` tests from Base [julia](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia).
```
